Movie Dine Notes

If we incorporate other events rather than just movies, perhaps a different name.

To start with a marketing plan or pitch, one method is to develop “personas” and then tell a story around them.


Persona #1:
Roger is a married man who with his wife enjoys going out to movies as a way to relax.  They make a “date night” out of it and like to go to a movie and dinner.  On their date night, while searching for a new movie, say “Winchester”, they have multiple options as to which theater to go to.  They base their decision as to what other restaurants are in the area, requiring two separate searches and compares and jumping from browser tab to browser tab.

With MovieDine Roger can enter his destination using HTML5’s GeoLocation feature or another desired destination, his desired maximum travel radius (perhaps pulled out from persistent storage) and the type of restaurant he likes based on 3 search criteria:  food and price and whether they had been there before or not, as sometimes they like a “new experience”.

The app will then display his choices of movies and the restaurants for each.  Eventually, using OpenTable, it could display reservation time slots open around the movie time and only show the restaurants that actually have openings.


Persona #2:
Tim and MaryAnn are a married couple and like Roger, they too like to go out on “date nights”.  Because they have children, they would also like to have a guesstimate as to the total time of the date, to make arrangements for a baby sitter. So, the app will compute travel times from the origin to the restaurant, make an estimate on eating time based on the $$$ of the food, then travel to theater, the total run time of the movie, and then the travel time back.


Persona #3:
Jill and Dave are dating.  They are just friends and meet at the desired location.  So, when Dave is making arrangements for a date he puts in his location and Jill’s and their desired travel radius, perhaps even different radii for different users as Dave doesn’t mind driving more than Jill.  The app will then make recommendations based on those criteria and the same for food.


Persona #4:
Dianne is 20 something who likes to go to movies with her friends.  They have the same problem as Jill and Dave in that they are all coming from different directions.  So, with this app, the planner of the even can punch in all the addresses or pull them from a contact list.  The app will then determine the choices based on all the different addresses and travel radiii of each person.  Happy times ahead


